[Immortal Samsara]
If one day...
[Theme Song of Immortal Samsara]
[Sung by Zhang Jie and Zhang Liangying]
I can see you again,
will you be able to recognize me?
I will.
♪The most bitter memories
come from the frosty moon♪
♪The dying years, lying on the ground♪
♪To drown oneself in sorrow for one drop of tear♪
♪Obsessed with forgetting♪
♪To be oceans apart♪
♪Until you turn around♪
♪And think♪
♪Of me♪
♪The deepest affinity,
hidden within the darkness♪
♪Love is all-embracing♪
♪Loneliness marks me on my chest
with my longing for you♪
♪Your clear eyes are like
the fragments of the moon♪
♪Even after washing away the fine dust♪
♪Your face is still imprinted in my mind♪
♪As the cycle continues♪
♪I lost my mind due to such longing♪
♪You're an autumn breeze
in the bustling human world♪
♪Forming a bed of flower petals♪
♪Will you shed tears♪
♪Over the truth of the mortal world?♪
♪You're the unattainable autumn moon
high up in the sky♪
♪Yet restrain your glow,
dare not to show your light♪
♪Together with one's beloved in a dream♪
[Bridge of Void]
♪Our lives are short♪
♪Yet we suffer for love♪
♪People who yearn for love
bite off more than they can chew♪
♪The night is barren♪
♪As the night saw me♪
♪My hatred is full to the brim♪
♪As the wind blows and the flowers bloom♪
♪I could not forget the things I was supposed to♪
♪Not separating♪
♪All the love birds♪
♪Mistake weaves♪
♪My love into a lie♪
♪I leave, on the road, braving the wind and snow♪
♪Fate has us spending
a thousand years missing each other♪
♪Until the end of the world♪
♪From now on, the ups and downs in our lives♪
♪Are our companions♪
♪Hoping that my ignorance
will be cured in my next life♪
♪You're an autumn breeze
in the bustling human world♪
♪Forming a bed of flower petals♪
♪Will you shed tears♪
♪Over the truth of the mortal world?♪
♪You're the unattainable autumn moon
high up in the sky♪
♪Yet restrain your glow,
dare not to show your light♪
♪Together with one's beloved in a dream♪
If there's a next life,
I will never let go of you.
♪After bidding you farewell♪
♪The clouds above, the tiles below,
spring and fall♪
♪Through the mountains and sea,
there's no place my heart can be♪
♪No number of lifetimes will be enough
for our parting♪
♪With the root of love still intact,
I saw a white-haired person on the shore♪
♪We dare to visit the end of the world with our love♪
♪To the human world at a splendid timing♪
♪You and I will be together again
when the lotus blooms♪
I truly didn't expect
us to be together.
This dream
feels too great to be true.